TODO.md, before:

## Questing Tasks
- Todo is on paper!

## Tedium
- Add Extra Chat Messages, and Conversations for all NPCs
- Register HFItems as gift types

### Textures
- Kitchen Knife (Looks good when right clicking)
- Inside of Fridge Door (fridge_door.png edit)
- New Textures for the following NPCS
    - Jeimmi the Mayor                  (For some reason based on my brother, even those she's an older lady)
    - Johan the Trader                  (Based on Girafi)
    - Ashlee the Poultry Farmer         (Based on Ashlee)
    - Liara the Café Owner              (Based on Liara)
    - Jenni the General Store Owner     (Based on Othlon)
    - Jim the Barn Owner                (Based on SpitefulFox)
    - Danieru the Blacksmith            (Based on chylex)
    - Tomas the Priest                  (Based on some kid from a server I played on)
    - Jakob the Fisherman               (Based on another kid from a server I played on)
    - Jade the Seed Gatherer            (Based on JadedCat)
    - Yulife the Builder                (Based on Yulife)
- Texture needs finishing
    - Suirienji the Clockmakers Son     (Based on Pokefenn)
- Cursed Potion Effect Icon
- Crop Grass Better Texture
- Fix the left most leaf in the autumn texture again

## Jewels & Jewel Rock
#Coding
- Make Render for Jewel Rock
- Add Diamonds and Emeralds as spawnable from Jewel Rock
# Textures
- Amethyst
- Agate
- Fluorite
- Peridot
- Topaz
- Ruby
- Sandrose
- Moonstone
- Alexandrite
- Pink Diamond
- Orichalc
- Adamantite

Commit message:

Fix fridge render, add strawberry milk and hot milk recipe atainment.

TODO.md, after:

## Coding
- Add methods for obtaining all recipes
- Improve the main page of the recipe book
- Add lang for extra chatting
- Add lang for all the quests
- Add lang for all the recipes
- Register HFItems as gift types
#Mine
- Make Render for Jewel Rock
- Add Diamonds and Emeralds as spawnable from Jewel Rock

### Textures
- Kitchen Knife (Looks good when right clicking)
- Inside of Fridge Door (fridge_door.png edit)
- New Textures for the following NPCS
    - Jeimmi the Mayor                  (For some reason based on my brother, even those she's an older lady)
    - Johan the Trader                  (Based on Girafi)
    - Ashlee the Poultry Farmer         (Based on Ashlee)
    - Liara the Café Owner              (Based on Liara)
    - Jenni the General Store Owner     (Based on Othlon)
    - Jim the Barn Owner                (Based on SpitefulFox)
    - Danieru the Blacksmith            (Based on chylex)
    - Tomas the Priest                  (Based on some kid from a server I played on)
    - Jakob the Fisherman               (Based on another kid from a server I played on)
    - Jade the Seed Gatherer            (Based on JadedCat)
    - Yulife the Builder                (Based on Yulife)
- Texture needs finishing
    - Suirienji the Clockmakers Son     (Based on Pokefenn)
- Cursed Potion Effect Icon
- Crop Grass Better Texture
- Fix the left most leaf in the autumn texture again
#Mine
- Amethyst
- Agate
- Fluorite
- Peridot
- Topaz
- Ruby
- Sandrose
- Moonstone
- Alexandrite
- Pink Diamond
- Orichalc
- Adamantite
